Add information about scheduling gates to pod integration and add troubleshooting (#9541)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run/plain_pods.md

Kueue will inject the `kueue.x-k8s.io/managed=true` label to indicate which pods are managed by it.

### d. Scheduling gates

Kueue will inject the `kueue.x-k8s.io/admission` scheduling gate to the pods that kueue is managing.
Once the pods able to be admitted, kueue will patch the pods and remove this scheduling gate.

### e. Limitations

- A Kueue managed Pod cannot be created in `kube-system` or `kueue-system` namespaces.
- In case of [preemption](/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#preemption), the Pod will
  be terminated and deleted.
- In case you use additional scheduling gates, Kueue will only remove the scheduling gates it adds (ie `kueue.x-k8s.io/admission`)
  The pod will be marked as admitted in this case but the pod will still be blocked from scheduling

>   until something removes the scheduling gate.

Author: I can remove this.

>   until something removes the scheduling gate.

Author: I'm not sure custom schedlin-gates needs a full page.

>   until something removes the scheduling gate.

Author: I think we can go ahead with this PR as is.

I changed this to not be a limitation and I think this can merge.

Kueue will inject the `kueue.x-k8s.io/managed=true` label to indicate which pods are managed by it.

### d. Scheduling Gates

Kueue will inject the `kueue.x-k8s.io/admission` scheduling gate to the pods that Kueue is managing.

> Once the pods are able to be admitted, Kueue will patch the pods and remove this scheduling gate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kueue injects the `kueue.x-k8s.io/admission` scheduling gate to the Pods that Kueue is managing.
Once the corresponding Workload is admitted, Kueue will patch the pods and remove this scheduling gate.
```

Author: updated.
